{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 React has JSX - keep all code in one place, easier to find bugs as checks will point to the point of failure.\
\
React builds off of javascript language\
\
Angular requires you to learn Angular specific syntax\
\
Angular is a library, self contained with all components needed\
\
React and Vue provide more versatility in the structure and offer many packages to alter your setup.\
\
\
React, Angular and Vue are all frameworks that are used to create web apps. There are key differences between the three, and all are worth consideration.\
\
React is relatively new and based in JSX. This means that the code is written entirely in the .js files and all HTML is pushed from the javascript code. It is easier to check for errors as they will be tracked only in the javascript. It also has a nice clean working tree and unidirectional code flow. With the static information remaining unchanged by the user a path or flow is created with any input that can be easily traced.\
\
Angular is a framework. In this way it is more streamlined and keeps the user from getting too overwhelmed by options for functionality. Being so structured makes Angular easier to implement if you are just getting started using it. On the other hand, Angular has its own set of Angular specific terms within its language, making for a bit of a slow learning curve for beginners as you have to learn new syntax. Angular works with Javascript separated from the HTML templates used for the UI. This makes for clean coding, but more difficult error checking.\
\
\'93Angular includes dependency injection, a pattern in which one object supplies the dependencies (a service) to another object (a client). This leads to more flexibility and cleaner code.\'94 - Jens Neuhaus from 
\i Angular vs. React vs. Vue: A 2017 comparison 
\i0 on
\i  
\i0\b medium.com\
\

\b0 Vue is a very new library assembled by a small team of coders. It is a simplified and smaller library that focuses on ease of use and basic functionality. It has a similar setup to Angular in that its JS and HTML are separated, however they are both found within the same file. This streamlines the file tree while maintaining a clean separation between where the JS is being implemented to the HTML. \
\
\'93Vue features \'93single-file components\'94. This seems like a trade-off with regard to the separation of concerns\uc0\u8202 \'97\u8202 templates, scripts and styles are in one file but in three different, ordered sections.\'94 - Jens Neuhaus from 
\i Angular vs. React vs. Vue: A 2017 comparison 
\i0 on
\i  
\i0\b medium.com\

\b0 \
All three of these libraries have a strong team/company behind them ensuring their continued use, Google for Angular and Facebook for React. Vue may be most likely to lose it\'92s support as it is a smaller self-funded team. All three also continue to improve their speeds and efficiency as far as load time and file sizes. The things that seem to really matter are how you like your code to be organized and how much time will be spent learning a new system or syntax. When working on a project, making it easy to implement changes and adjust faulty code is key. React seems to be a great choice for the layout of the app and Vue seems to improve on that with the way it nests components, while both offer great flexibility. As far as the learning curve goes, Angular may take a bit to learn new syntax, but is very easy to use and control the structure of your app. React is intuitive for people already familiar with HTML and Javascript, and once you understand JSX it is an open palette. Vue is a marriage of simplicity and open functionality, still separating HTML from JS and having no new syntax.\
\
}